Add Reolink day night switch threshold docs (#29919)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

If the "Auto tracking" switch entity is enabled, and a object disappears from view OR stops moving for the "Auto track disappear time"/"Auto track stop time", the camera goes back to its original position.

> "Day night switch threshold" detemines at which light level the camera switches from Color to Black&White, this value is only applicable if the "Day night mode" select is on Auto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Day night switch threshold** determines at which light level the camera switches from **Color** to **Black & white**. This value only applies if the **Day night mode** select is on **Auto**.
```
Tiny tweak. I know the "" are consistent with the rest of the text. But usually, we use bold to markup UI controls. Let me fix the other ones in a separate PR.
